dapp: Move Band oracle to Tools section (#907)
oasisprotocol/docs: docs/dapp/tools/band.md

> # Integrating BAND oracle

Reviewer: We usually capitalize the main titles.

```suggestion
# Integrating BAND Oracle
```

This guide will explain how to query the Band Protocol reference data smart

> contract from another Solidity smart contract on an Oasis Paratime.

Author: Probably implied that it is an "EVM compatible Paratime" but perhaps we do need to emphasize that delineation in the tools section.

> contract from another Solidity smart contract on an Oasis Paratime.

Reviewer: Let's focus this chapter on Sapphire, but mention it will also run on Emerald.

```suggestion
contract from another Solidity smart contract on Oasis Sapphire, a confidential EVM-compatible chain.

:::tip

The same steps and contract addresses used in this chapter will also work
on Oasis Emerald which is an unconfidential EVM chain running on Oasis
network.

:::
```

contracts. You can read more about the specific details of the protocol
[here](https://docs.bandchain.org).

> ### Video Tutorial

Reviewer: What if we simply move the video at the very top just like here without a special "Video Tutorial" section https://deploy-preview-907--oasisprotocol-docs.netlify.app/dapp/sapphire/quickstart ?

<p style={{width: '100%'}}>
<iframe style={{margin: 'auto', display:'block'}} width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cwe6P5MvIfk?si=4QFRA8yJ2PCZB5fq" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</p>

### Deploy Oracle

1. Follow [this link][demooracle-remix] to Remix. The link contains an encoded example `DemoOracle.sol` contract.
2. Compile the contract with compiler version `0.6.11`.
3. Switch to the Deploy tab of Remix.
   1. Select "Injected Web3" in the Environment dropdown in the top left to connect Metamask.

>    2. Make sure that Metamask is connected to an Oasis Paratime (Testnet/Mainnet) network. You can read about adding a network to Metamask [here](../../general/manage-tokens/#metamask).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Make sure that Metamask is connected to the Sapphire (Testnet/Mainnet) network. You can read about adding a network to Metamask [here](../../general/manage-tokens/#metamask).
```

> ![Setting up the environment in Remix](../images/tools/band_demooracle_smartcontract.png)

Reviewer: Indent since this image is part of the bullet right?

```suggestion
   ![Setting up the environment in Remix](../images/tools/band_demooracle_smartcontract.png)
```

Author: Interesting that 2 spaces is okay, but not 3.

> 4. Enter the Testnet Band reference data aggregator contract address (`0x61704EFB8b8120c03C210cAC5f5193BF8c80852a`) to the `DemoOracle` constructor and deploy the contract. You can access the reference data aggregator contract on mainnet at `0xDA7a001b254CD22e46d3eAB04d937489c93174C3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter the Testnet Band reference data aggregator contract address (`0x61704EFB8b8120c03C210cAC5f5193BF8c80852a`) to the `DemoOracle` constructor and deploy the contract. You can access the reference data aggregator contract on the Mainnet at `0xDA7a001b254CD22e46d3eAB04d937489c93174C3`.
```

> ![Deploying DemoOracle](../images/tools/band_deploy_demooracle_smartcontact.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Deploying DemoOracle](../images/tools/band_deploy_demooracle_smartcontact.png)
```

The `savePrice` function will save any base/quote rate that is passed to it in the storage variable named `price`. This storage data will only be updated when the “savePrice” function is called, so the saved `price` value will go stale unless this function is called repeatedly.

![Save Price](../images/tools/band_saveprice.png)

### Mainnet Reference Data Contract

> You can access the reference data aggregator contract on Mainnet at [0xDA7a001b254CD22e46d3eAB04d937489c93174C3](https://explorer.oasis.io/mainnet/sapphire/address/0xDA7a001b254CD22e46d3eAB04d937489c93174C3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the reference data aggregator contract on the Mainnet at [0xDA7a001b254CD22e46d3eAB04d937489c93174C3](https://explorer.oasis.io/mainnet/sapphire/address/0xDA7a001b254CD22e46d3eAB04d937489c93174C3).
```

Author: "Mainnet" somehow rolls of the tongue more for me than "the Mainnet." Maybe we can be more specific and just reference the Paratime with "on the Sapphire Mainnet."

```suggestion
You can access the reference data aggregator contract on the Sapphire Mainnet at [0xDA7a001b254CD22e46d3eAB04d937489c93174C3](https://explorer.oasis.io/mainnet/sapphire/address/0xDA7a001b254CD22e46d3eAB04d937489c93174C3).
```
